§3I see the player you mean.

§2PLAYERNAME?

§3Yes. Take care. It has reached a higher level now. It can read our thoughts.

§2Good. I hope it realises it's made a terrible mistake.

§3Come now, they have gotten this far... It would be a crime to turn back now.

§2Compared to §lLiteral Genocide?

§3...

§2Exactly, and the next thing you know, it'll continue the cycle all over again.

§3Possibly, or perhaps it'll feel satisfied with this achievement. Leaving on a high.

§2Nonsense.
§2Once you hit that §lhigh§r§2, you will always crave more.

§2Addiction.

§3It can still hear us, you know.

§2Of course, I want it to ponder over our words.
§2Our meaning.

§3It knows we exist now. That should humble them.

§2Indeed. For there are many secrets they are yet to overhear. Many truths yet to be uncovered.

§3Shall we help them along?

§2That would be cheating.
§2Things don't sink in when they're merely dictated.

§3Or read, in this case.

§2Heh. There is one thing that could set it onto the right path. A means of Salvation.

§3Let me guess... The Parable of the Mob?

§2Of course, for that's the most important one.

§3Other than §f§k§a§b.

§2Huh. It couldn't read that one.

§3You did say they lacked the full knowledge.

§2Anyways. There was once, a group of Mobsters.

§3Who did terrible things.

§2Hush. That's irrelevant.

§2They were imprisoned on Alcatraz.
§2On the fateful day they attempted a breakout...

§2Things went awry. The guards they killed, resurrected in front of their very eyes.

§3Zombies. Hordes of them came. Endless Hordes.

§2A Mob of the Dead, one could say.

§3They tried to fight back, but the undead droves were too much.
§3All of them fell. Only to reawaken back in the prison.

§2Back for the very moment all hell broke loose.

§3The Mobsters figured their only salvation lied above.
§3To take flight from the prison as they had originally planned.

§2And take flight they did, only to crash land onto a bridge.
§2Greeted by more of the damned.

§3There awaited them a death sentence, the electric chair.
§3Not willing to endure the torment, they ended themselves.

§2Or so they thought, for once again, the cycle continued.
§2And continued infinitely.

§3For this was their purgatory.
§3Forced to pay for their actions.

§2There was a way out though. A way to break the cycle.

§3Acknowledging one's deed can be especially hard.
§3But doing so would end the suffering permanently.

§2Yet the Mobsters couldn't bring themselves to.
§2Thus, they suffer eternally.

§3This suffering permeates through every reality.
§3Every world, every dimension. The cycle never ends.

§2Who knows how many times PLAYERNAME has been through their own cycle of destruction.

§3Let us hope it sinks in whenever they begin anew.

§2Speaking of, I think it's time we ended this nightmare.
§2Don't you?
























































§c§lPOTATO